If you want to start an LLC, but it feels totally overwhelming,
here's the simplest way to do it.
Most people get caught up in the formation phase.
They don't know what documents they need to file.
They don't know in what state they need to set up their entity,
and they don't know whether it should be classified as an S-Corp
or general partnership.
If you mess up any of these steps, you could potentially cost yourself
thousands of dollars in either taxes or liability.
That's why I created our business formation service.
We can help you set up a legally compliant
and properly structured entity without confusion
and without the hassle and expense of engaging a traditional lawyer or law firm.
We handle everything from required corporate filings, documentation
and helping you meet timelines that are imposed by your respective jurisdiction.
Here's how simple it is.
Fill out our quick client intake form and we will handle the rest.
Once your business is complete, we will send you a completed
business formation package with general guidance and steps on what to do next.
If you're ready to start your business the right way, fill out the form
and we will handle the rest.
Thank you for trusting LegalHelp.
We look forward to representing you.